If you are together, you are a match
To make the two more integrated
You must marry him
You were also urged to get married
It's the first time I've seen you.
Handsome delivery guy like you
It's the first time I've seen it too.
A beautiful convenience store girl like you
So let me introduce myself first
My name is An Jingyan
I am 27 years old.
I work at a convenience store.
Monthly income of 5,000
He was an ordinary man in every way.
So?
I also want to find someone as ordinary as me
Live together
Mutual support
Protect each other, my name is You Mingxuan
28 years old, as you can see
I am the backbone tie of the big brand Youmi.
It is especially difficult to struggle alone
So I also want to find one
The other half that can be shared with each other
Let's be small cogs in society together
Struggle from scratch
Then you must be very rich when you say that.
Yeah, sure.
The basic salary alone is 4,500.
If you work hard, you can still earn more than 10,000 yuan per month
Mr. You, I am very satisfied with you, Miss An
Since you want to get married
I also want to get married
Why don't we look everywhere
Let's get married
It doesn't matter if you don't want to flash marriage.
Just flash, just flash, just to get rid of the trouble of marriage
I believe it was successfully installed and brought the account book.
We can do it today